#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
#sidebar NaviList
BBall is a game in [NXTRockBoy] platform. 

= Introduction =

BBall game's hero is a *bouncy ball*, which will rebound when it touched an obstacle or one of the edges of the screen. Besides, the ball is affected by gravity and keep dropping if there is no upward direction speed. The bouncy ball is crazy for beans and always eager to eat them. 

You mission in this game is to help the ball to eat beans. 

Here is a video demo: 

[http://s141.photobucket.com/albums/r60/programus/?action=view&current=BBall_en.flv http://i141.photobucket.com/albums/r60/programus/th_BBall_en.jpg]

= Details =

When you start the game, at beginning, the [NXTRockBoy] will reset the position of the NXT. Just follow the guid in the LCD screen. 

After that the game will prompt you to select a game mode. There are two mode for playing:
 * TIME MODE: you help the bouncy ball eat the specified number (normally 5 for each level) of beans as fast as possible. 
 * SCORE MODE: you help the bouncy ball eat as many beans as posible within the limited time (normally one minute for one level). 

Then, rock the NXT brick to let the bouncy ball be rebound to the direction near the bean or let it drop to the bean... any way, just use your hand and imagination. 

You can download the game and NXTRockBoy building guide in the downloads page. The file name is NXTRockBoy.BBall_v1.0.zip

BBall game only used the touch sensor in front as a pause input button. 

Finally, Good Luck! 
