#labels Phase-Deploy
#sidebar NaviList
Drop Ball is a game in [NXTRockBoy] platform. And it is the second game. 

----
 * [#Introduction Introduction]
 * [#Features Features]
  * [#Game_Modes Game Modes]
  * [#Background_Music Background Music]
 * [#Play_Manual Play Manual]
 * [#Download Download]
----

= Introduction =

Drop Ball game's hero is a *little ball*, which is keep dropping unless there is a bar under it. The bars are keep moving up and if the ball still on the bar, it will be pushed out of the screen. But the ball cannot live out of the LCD screen, so you must keep it in the screen. You will earn one point when the ball jump down to a lower bar from the higher bar. You can earn the point even you skips a bar. 

Try to earn as many points as you can! 

Here is a video demo (There is no additional music, all musics and sounds are original recorded): 

[http://s141.photobucket.com/albums/r60/programus/?action=view&current=DropBall.flv http://i141.photobucket.com/albums/r60/programus/th_DropBall.jpg]

= Features =
== Game Modes ==
There are two modes of this game: 
 * | Mode: The environment light will affect the distance between bars. The lighter the near bars leave with each other. 
 * - Mode: The environment light will affect the length of bars. The lighter the longer bars are. 

== Background Music ==
This game have a full background music suport. The game will repeat musics in a shffled order. You can use the arrow keys on NXT brick to adjust the volume. 
There are 3 musics now: The Final Countdown, Smooth Crimial, and The Transformers Cartoon Theme. You can add your favorite musics by modifying the source code. To know how to write a music in the source, please refer to [BGMBox] in [NXTUtils]. 

= Play Manual =

When you start the game, at beginning, the [NXTRockBoy] will reset the position of the NXT. Just follow the guide in the LCD screen. 

After that the game will prompt you to select a game mode. You can select either | mode or - mode. 

Then, have fun! 

= Download =
[http://nxtprojects.googlecode.com/files/NXTRockBoy.DropBall_v1.0.zip NXTRockBoy.DropBall_v1.0.zip]

= Finally =
Good Luck! 
